Add DashR Manhattan Plot (#220)
plotly/dash-sample-apps: apps/dashr-manhattan-plot/README.md

> # DashR Volcano Plot 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# DashR Manhattan Plot
```

## About this App:

> This is an interactive (volcanoplot)[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volcano_plot_(statistics)] viewer, allowing the user to identify clinically meaningful markers in genomic experiments, i.e., markers that are statistically significant and have an effect size greater than some threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manhattan Plot allows you to visualize genome-wide association studies (GWAS) efficiently. Using WebGL under the hood, you can interactively explore overviews of massive datasets comprising hundreds of thousands of points at once, or take a closer look at a small subset of your data
```

> In the "Data" tab, you can select a dataset to view on the plot. In the "View" tab, you can control the color of the highlighted points, as well as the threshold lines that define which values are significant. You can also access metadata from hovering and clicking on the graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can adjust the threshold level and the suggestive line in the "Graph" tab.      
```

Github Repo: [plotly/dash-sample-apps](https://github.com/plotly/dash-sample-apps/)

## How to Run the App: 

Clone the repository.

Run `app.R`

The app will load into your default browser window. If it does not, navigate to 127.0.0.1:8050.

## Screenshots:

> ![screenshot](assets/dashr-volcanoplot-screenshot.png)

Reviewer: Probably best to take a `manhattan-plot-screenshot.png`
